feat(changelog): kubernetes-changed-kapsule-and-kosmos-clusters 2023-09-07 (#2120)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/september2023/2023-09-07-kubernetes-changed-kapsule-and-kosmos-clusters.mdx

---

> title: Kapsule and Kosmos clusters have a new limit on first offer: 150 nodes maximum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Kapsule and Kosmos clusters have a new limit on first offer.
```

status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #k8s channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-09-07
category: containers
product: kubernetes
---

> Effective September 1st 2023. To go beyond 150 nodes, Scaleway offers a range of dedicated control planes to cater to a wide range of use-cases. Refer to our [Kubernetes control plane offers overview](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/kubernetes-control-plane-offers/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting September 1st 2023, Kapsule and Kosmos clusters are limited to 150 nodes maximum on first offer. Scaleway offers a range of dedicated control planes to cater to a wide range of use-cases, to go beyond 150 nodes. Refer to our [Kubernetes control plane offers overview](/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/kubernetes-control-plane-offers/) for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't know if this is what was meant. @tgenaitay can you clear it up for us? 🙏🏻

Reviewer 3: @ldecarvalho-doc
As a non native speaker, it sounds like the same to me. The point is: to go beyond the new limit, DCP are here.

Reviewer 3: LGTM!
